So, having the night shift responsibility, at the third time, my assistant, he said that our vehicles were used as a drug distribution network, together with another company that was in charge of the garbage trucks around the city. So, I decided to monitor the situation, noticing that two of those groups of tasking forces, Nisei 5 and Nisei 6, sometime were disappeared after the midnight. And then, they used to meet at that place to get their lunch, and after that, they disappeared. Nobody knew where they were, but they were attending politic points. The politic points is the term, or the words that refers to operations that took place during the night shift, more about night shift, but were untouchables. So, nobody, even the deputy director, was able to remove those points from the agenda. So, those tasking force, when they disappeared, nobody were able to remove them, or to call them, or to change, because those points were the more priority over the head of the deputy director. So, I was there, and one day, I decided to follow, with the assistance, guidance, a place where they used to be hiding from the regular operation. But, when I was there, I saw how the municipality groups, well, they deployed in the area, but they used the trucks, the official trucks, together with the other company in charge of the garbage trucks. Those garbage trucks also were used to distribute drugs, and the people in charge of that were the people of Conejo Department. So, I was there, and they recognized me, and then I saw that movement, and I just got away as quickly as possible, and by radio, talking to the leader of those groups, ordering, or But, they never respond, and at that time, I was struggling with that situation, and I talked to my boss, right away, the same morning, and he said, for your own good and your family, resign from that position. So, I immediately abandoned that place, and was to my apartment, where the apartment I was supposed to be, to take a rest, to think about. But, from that very moment, I started receiving, this day, the afternoon, and the next day, calls to my phone, that I avoid it, and receiving messages, voice messages. So, I played those messages, hearing the threats to death, and kill you, if you continue in the way of the revolution, I will kill you. The same, not under the door of my apartment, and in my vehicle. So, at that very time of the situation, I decided to resign. And I just, by phone, told to the assistant, to my previous boss assistant, and run for my life.